In this lesson,
we look at parametric codecs
that actually take advantage of our
knowledge of human speech production.
We make an engineering model based
on the theory of linear prediction.
These codecs, based on anywhere from
half a bit to 1.5 bits per sample,
fit the quality that closely
matches the 8 kilobits per
sample of narrow band
speech [COUGH] excuse me,
and in some of the newer versions,
even wide band speech.
And, we will look at some of
the codecs used in the 2G/3G networks,
based on the LPC principle.
Then we look at some
voice quality assessment
metrics in order to actually go
around comparing various codecs.
Finally, there's some twists and
turns when we use these codecs that were
mostly developed for
search history networks.
We bring them into packet switching.
What are the things that
we need to watch out for?